the youngest candidate hard spoken for
campaign trail the clear front-runner so
start with the shoulder in a little my
name is Gary Hardin I'm running for
president I want you to think about the
opportunity that we have right here
right now
I've never known a guy more talented at
untangling politics so that anyone can
understand it is a gift and he wants to
share that along anybody wants is for
him to take the stupid photo you will
never understand that Gary Hart is the
man to beat in 88 if we hold ourselves
to those highest standards in the voters
cannot do otherwise senator I want to
ask you some questions about the woman
in your townhouse can you tell us how
you know her
you can't be serious no one is staying
in my home there's no need for that I am
sorry
[Music]
some one thing else to say hey don't
embarrass me you can't hide from this
the cameras go everywhere it's up to us
to hold these guys to come just because
some other paper use gossip post
front-page news I mean that doesn't mean
we have this does it does now with power
and that takes certain responsibilities
we need to say something it's nobody's
business none of it is okay but we're
not talking about that you're talking
about how you get through today this
campaign is about the future not rumors
not sleaze not care about the sanctity
of this process whether you do or do not
[Music]
go on Gary say it there's gonna be a
story tomorrow about me
[Music]